Math is like going to the gym for your brain. It sharpens your mind.
Math is sometimes called the science of patterns.
Mathematics is a place where you can do things which you can't do in the real world.
Mathematics expresses values that reflect the cosmos, including orderliness, balance, harmony, logic, and abstract beauty.
Mathematics is the most beautiful and most powerful creation of the human spirit.
Mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
Mathematics takes us into the region of absolute necessity, to which not only the actual word, but every possible word, must conform.
Mathematics is a game played according to certain simple rules with meaningless marks on paper.
Mathematics is written for mathematicians.
Mathematics is the music of reason.
Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth, but supreme beauty - a beauty cold and austere, like that of sculpture.
Mathematics is like childhood diseases. The younger you get it, the better.
Mathematics is the key and door to the sciences.
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.
The essence of mathematics lies in its freedom.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
Do not imagine that mathematics is hard and crabbed, and repulsive to common sense. It is merely the etherealization of common sense.
The only way to learn mathematics is to do mathematics.
You can not apply mathematics as long as words still becloud reality.
The art of doing mathematics consists in finding that special case which contains all the germs of generality.
The power of mathematics is often to change one thing into another, to change geometry into language.
Mathematics knows no races or geographic boundaries; for mathematics, the cultural world is one country.
The study of mathematics, like the Nile, begins in minuteness but ends in magnificence.
In mathematics the art of proposing a question must be held of higher value than solving it.
The study of mathematics is, if an unprofitable, a perfectly harmless and innocent occupation.
Mathematics - the unshaken Foundation of Sciences, and the plentiful Fountain of Advantage to human affairs.
Mathematics is not a careful march down a well-cleared highway, but a journey into a strange wilderness, where the explorers often get lost.
Mathematics is as much an aspect of culture as it is a collection of algorithms.
Mathematics is the only good metaphysics.
Mathematics is the supreme judge; from its decisions there is no appeal.
There is no problem in the whole of mathematics which cannot be solved by direct counting.
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.
I don't agree with mathematics; the sum total of zeros is a frightening figure.
So if a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics; for in demonstrations, if his wit be called away never so little, he must begin again.
The essence of mathematics is not to make simple things complicated, but to make complicated things simple.
Go down deep enough into anything and you will find mathematics.
It is not the job of mathematicians... to do correct arithmetical operations. It is the job of bank accountants.
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
Let us grant that the pursuit of mathematics is a divine madness of the human spirit, a refuge from the goading urgency of contingent happenings.
With my full philosophical rucksack I can only climb slowly up the mountain of mathematics.
Still more astonishing is that world of rigorous fantasy we call mathematics.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house.
God does not care about our mathematical difficulties; He integrates empirically.
If there is a God, he's a great mathematician.
Physics is mathematical not because we know so much about the physical world, but because we know so little; it is only its mathematical properties that we can discover.
Mathematics may be defined as the economy of counting. There is no problem in the whole of mathematics which cannot be solved by direct counting.
One of the endlessly alluring aspects of mathematics is that its thorniest paradoxes have a way of blooming into beautiful theories.
The man ignorant of mathematics will be increasingly limited in his grasp of the main forces of civilization.
Although I am almost illiterate mathematically, I grasped very early in life that any one who can count to ten can count upward indefinitely if he is fool enough to do so.